Hi everyone, my name is Amry Band and
for more than two decades I have lived
and breathed the markets. I've traded
the futures through volatility spikes,
navigated options through uncertainty,
studied the behavior of stocks across
countless market cycles. And over those
years, one truth has become very clear
to me. The markets move faster and grow
more complex every day. And that's why
I'm bringing tradewave.ai AI to you.
When I began trading, success meant
countless hours, studying charts,
tracking news, connecting signals
wherever I can. And now the volume of
data has absolutely exploded
exponentially. It's so hard to manage
price movements, volatility spikes,
sentiment changes, institutional flows
simultaneously across the globe. That's
really what it's like for you and me,
the retail trader, looking at getting an
edge in the market. So, the real
challenge isn't finding information
anymore. It's understanding
what information you need and when in
time that matters. Tradewave AI is
designed expressly to solve that
problem. It uses advanced artificial
intelligence by the very gifted Ashimvi.
Just an incredible guy. I can't say too
much about Fshim. He's really
tremendous. But I digress. The platform
uses advanced artificial intelligence.
It continually scans. It uses 97 years
of data to compile and find out where
these patterns exist. What I appreciate
most about tradewave AI is that it
surfaces insights that really deserve
our attention. It really brings things
into focus. It doesn't just generate
signals. It tells us the structure
behind the market movements. It shows
where momentum is building, where
pressure will be forming and where risk
might be rising. And it gives us
significant pockets of time where
products and instruments excel and when
they do not so that we can position in a
trade. So whether you're an active
trader focused on intraday structure, a
swing trader tracking momentum shifts or
an investor that watches macro trends,
Trade Wave AI gives us clarity. As I
said, I've been around for more than 20
years. I've traded everything. I've
looked at all kinds of instruments and I
know that edge comes from not only
seeing things a little earlier but
interpreting them the right way. It
helps you see the waves before the
market moves.